Like most modern programming languages,
Terraform language uses the concept of variables.
Variables are commonly stored in either a variables.tf file,
or terraform.tfvars file in a Terraform configuration.
Terraform variables can be input variables or output variables.
You would use a variables.tf file to define
the variables type and optionally set a default value.
A terraform.tfvars file is used to set the actual values of
the variables or you can set
default values for all your variables and not use tfvars files at all.
Input variables are used to make your code more
configurable by allowing you to send values into Terraform,
while output variables, as the name implies,
output or print an expression from Terraform.
An example of an input variable is a port number for file transfer.
The variable is a transfer port number defined in
a tfvars file and stored in the variable transfer port.
So anytime you need to specify the transfer port in the configuration,
you will substitute var.transfer_port.
Once you define your variables in the tfvars file,
you can use them in multiple locations in your Terraform code,
which is very convenient.
Output variables follow the same steps.
A good example of an output variable is
the IP address of a server in your environment that Terraform is aware of.
When designing Terraform configurations,
it is very important to keep the re-usability of the code in mind.
Defining values as variables,
allows configurations to be more dynamic because
each individual value doesn't need to be hard-coded in the Terraform configuration.